Oh, the irony!
Box Cover for McAfee's presidential campaign.
What does a turtle and a pedophile have in common?
A guy went into a bar
How to Create a Gun-Free America in 5 Easy Steps.
How to Ace that Interview!
Reddit feminists host discussion about censorship of attacks on women in Sweden
Pshh. . . Kids these days. .  . 
Terrorism  
Censorship affects us all.
Giving a child a disability is MY choice! Fucking patriarchy.
What's pale, squishy and oddly social?
So what government does, is it physically builds the roads?
Misogynist Voater Attacking Feminist
The Future
How the Irish Feel About Lucky Charms
My milk snake...
Without government..
Shut her down fast
Millions Mourn as Rocker/Activist Ted Nugent, Age 66, Found Alive
Who's fighting in Syria?
When the beloved prophet Muhammad al-Mutawakkil peace be upon him gives you lemons.
Wrecked.  
Fetching darts
What a hard choice, Merkel.
/v/vocatalog: VoCatalog - A project to map the Voat communities.
Spurs win eighth straight, Nets drop 10th in a row at home in first game since changes
Volunteers Needed to Cuddle Goats
I wrote a program to automatically transcribe music.
Live video of baby rhino being born (not sure it will be cute... yet)
If a user has less than 20 SCP they should be limited to 3 submissions a day site wide
All (german) ents report to /v/germantrees/ 
The Pokemon Company launches Pokemon 20 campaign (Pokemon 20th anniversary)
Wayne's World Unplugged - Layla Parody
Why do individual users have the ability to delete a comment or post?
When you're too lazy to go inside 
CBS Mandates New 'NANCY DREW' Be Nonwhite.
New rumours that gravitational waves have finally been detected
Why has Voat not implemented a Reddit-gold type system? 
Spooks: The Haunting of America: The Private Use of Secret Agents
Essendon supplement saga: WADA appeal upheld by Court of Arbitration for Sport, players banned for 12 months
Just How Broken are Skyward Sword's Controls (Experiment) 
5 Reasons to be an Atheist
Reddit loyalists only response to using voat is the same thing over and over, "it's so toxic". Voat is the least volitale community I've ever been part in.
Not A Hero PlayStation 4 Release Date Announced 
My Size 24 Foot
'Chaos!' - Ballon d'Or hosts mock ceremony in mic gaffe
The 40,000-Mile Volcano
if youve been planning to visit canada now is the time. their dollar is so low travel is nice and cheap.
A review I did out of love for Star Wars for StereoEmbersMagazine. I wasn't paid like "professional" critics were. Enjoy and please comment and share if you want to. 
Gravitation under human control?
Peekaboo!cat
Muslim men torn between praying or catching the train
Why Radio Stations Probably Couldn't Just Play David Bowie Music As A Tribute: Copyright Law Is Messed Up | Techdirt
what should i do for my bachelor party?
How do you organize your bookshelf?
Cop grabs guys boner during arrest
Do you ever get annoyed at a missed opportunity to use a coupon? 
I'M SO LONESOME I COULD CRY (1949) by Hank Williams
Hardware Engineering: Another niche title is awaiting to see if it will get greenlit or not.
I met this cutie recently. Her name is Kayah.
Who needs Reddit anyways?
Reddit Convert
whats your biggest regret?
 Sticky Amber Preserved Dinosaur-Age Insects for Millions of Years
Annie r u OK?
Neil deGrasse Tyson: Star Wars Fans Are "Prickly" - CONAN on TBS
Angela Merkel Seeking Exchange Or Refund On Some Refugees
New development could lead to more effective lightbulbs
Pain produces memory gain
High School Forces Kids to Attend 'Racial Identity' Classes
World War Z Sequel Loses Director 
Trend Micro AV gave any website command-line access to Windows PCs
 My Dog Ate My Weed Butter 
Nearly half of Americans think streaming music is too expensive
Frosty morning. I think this is the best picture I've ever taken.
Gorillaz-Feel Good Inc.
DIE PINGUINE AUS MADAGASCAR | Trailer & Filmclip
Jimi Hendrix - Little Wing
Small cute
I finally quit lurking.
WATCH: M.I.A. Remembers David Bowie as "Otherworldly"
EA Launching a PC Version of EA Access: Origin Access for £3.99pm
Writing Music Monday: Keep On Groovin' by Federico Palmolella
Should Teachers Be Forced to Pay Union Fees? Friedrichs v. CTA Brings Protests Outside Supreme Court
Gorillaz-Every Planet We Reach is Dead
Escaping Systemic Abuse in the Software Industry
/v/books first book club meeting! Cast your votes here. 
A German Man Invented A Valve That Lets You Shut Off Your Sperm Flow At The Flip Of The Switch.
Scientists may have detected gravity waves for the first time ever
3D Cameras Are Not A Modern Invention; Theyve Been Around Since The 1880s
90% of CEOs are men.
You Can Shine
Clarifying The Bullshit From John Legere: What T-Mobile Is Really Doing And Why It Violates Net Neutrality | Techdirt
More fuel for German unrest: most ppl killed in ISIS Turkey bombing today were German tourists
David Bowie's last release, Lazarus, was 'parting gift' for fans in carefully planned finale
AI vs AI Two chatbots talking to each other, hilariously creepy
Can anyone tell me the name of this book/series?
Sob social experiment! Get with the film's $ 100 homeless
Favorite self-publishing / Kindle authors?
'Homeland' Season Six to Be Set in New York; Showtime Boss Talks Series' Future
Pearl Harbor - Honest Trailers
10 years old playing piano at Liverpool street. AMAZING!!
Panelists discuss ways to care for the nation's paranoid schizophrenics, such as hiding cameras in their homes or audio transmitters in their ears.
K9-P          
Pixar's Tribute to Cinema
How to shoot an anvil 200ft into the air.
Underwater quarry explosion destroys camera
Hey what's up hello
The EPA finally admitted that the world's most popular pesticide kills bees20 years too late
this girl is rockin it
Ozzy is sober 
Do you think sexual practices vary between climates?
A subverse to request drawings, sketches, designs and art!
Granny rides escalator
What are some good drinking words for the State of the Union tonight?
Parov Stelar - The Sun (feat. Graham Candy) (Official Video)
Michael Newdow Has Filed Another Lawsuit to Remove In God We Trust from U.S. Currency
A scene from one of the worst movies ever created.
Why Capitalism is Great
Lauren Southern Talks Boobs, Feminists and Immigration | Louder With Crowder
No time for pictures! I've got deadlines. (forward)
MSN.com is continuously re-posting the same article, due to comments that disagreed with Obama's State of the Union speech.
12 Hours 10 Million 1 Kidnapped daughter stolen
Yahoo settles e-mail privacy class-action: $4M for lawyers, $0 for users
Internet Archaeologists Find Ruins Of 'Friendster' Civilization 
Ron Paul: Secession is in the air in Europe. Will everything fall apart? There is a big difference between genuine wealth and crony wealth. The U.S is not an innocent bystander in world affairs
Conan Remembers David Bowie - CONAN on TBS
Former Director: NSA Are the Best Thieving Hackers in the World
No Google, not that kind of woodwork!
Blade Runner - Final Scene, "Tears in Rain" Monologue
Yeah you did!
Russian Doctor kills a patient with one punch
Real Clear Politics | Hillary Clinton On How She Has Benefited From White Privilege: "Where Do I Start?"
Charisma Modifier Plays: Eternal Sonata - Part 3
Hollywood still addicted to forced diversity: Jamie Foxx to play Little John in new Robin Hood movie
Donkey & Cart going over speed bump..
Pemex Gas complex explosion, Reynosa Mexico (Sept 18 2012)
The Kinks - Apeman 1970
Rather than watch the State of the Union tonight I've decided to entertain myself with something far more worthy. I'm just going to shit in my hands and clap.


I made this as a god damn joke but people started subbing.  Now I feel required to post shit.  
you'd think someone with that much student debt would know better
Ontario father sickened by nearly $9k bill on sons Xbox game
More forced diversity reboots: Netflix to remake far-left director Norman Lear's 1970s sitcom "One Day At a Time" with an all-Latino cast
Citizen Cope-Let The Drummer Kick It
St. Louis Rams green-lit for move to Los Angeles
Bethesda should take the "Wasteland" in Fallout Shelter and turn it into an old school style MUD
Promo: Yo Soy Saul: Better Call Saul: Season Premiere
Amon Amarth -Slaves of fear 
African Immigrant brutally assaults an Italian woman
David Bowie - My Death
Days after quitting his medication for "alternative treatments," Charlie Sheen vows he's going to be the first to cure HIV -- even if it takes all two weeks of the rest of his life
Feminism a la male
Rather than watch the State of the Union tonight I've decided to entertain myself with something far more worthy. I'm just going to shit in my hands and clap.


Dont waste your life believing you cant. - Jack Canfield Quotes
Highly_paid_orgy_pro's favorite road
Donald Trump: State of the Union punching bag
EFF To Court: Cisco Must Be Held Accountable For Aiding Chinas Human Rights Abuses
Cop Serving Eviction Notice Kills 12-Year-Old Girl
Bernie Sanders Has Snagged His First Lead in the Polls Over Hillary Clinton in Iowa
Why don't Atko and PuttItOut just get a P.O. Box or an equivalent and take in money the old-fashioned way... Cash.
Hacker, 26, Sees Record Prison Sentence of 336 Years | Hacked
Sanders: Law enforcement should handle campus rape
DHS plan to shut down mobile cell phones can stay secret after Supreme Court snub
Insane Drum Solo  Buddy Rich
Backstage of A Nightmare On Elm Street, 1984
What are your thoughts on assisted-suicide?  Should it be legal?  For whom?
Why Is Comcast Interrupting My Web-Browsing To Upsell Me On A New Modem?
Nom Nom Nom
A Social Justice Warrior asks: Why do you hate us?
V8 engine made of paper
Rather than watch the State of the Union tonight I've decided to entertain myself with something far more worthy. I'm just going to shit in my hands and clap.


Cows Chase a Toy Car
10 US military held hostage by Iran (again). MSM told to "stand down". These are our  mother, fathers, sons, daughters. Fuck politics, MSM doesn't want us to care.
This is clearly one of the "stupid" "babies" Trump will eliminate.
Tom Clancys The Division - Agent Journey
Donald Trump is here to stay. And hes getting stronger.
Get Out of Your Comfort Zone for 2016 (Yahtzsee comments on video games and taking risks)
Lana Del Rey - Dark Paradise (Parov Stelar Official Remix)
Black people of the internet when I'm trying to rap along to whatever song what do I say when they use the n word?
Key takeaways from the College Football Playoff championship
Frozen soap bubbles
90% of Steam reviews of Five nights at Freddy's are currently positive. This can't be said to reviews during past months. What happened?
What was your most bizarre pooping experience? 
"The Falcon has landed" | Recap of Falcon 9 launch and landing
The Only Use For Your Mouth
George Dubya
Why did chicken cross the road.
Please help: Which version of Blade Runner is the best? ie Director's Cut, Final Cut, Theatrical Release, etc.
Seu Jorge - life on mars
Rams to relocate to L.A.; Chargers first option to join
How to drink your morning coffee in Norway by Trym Nordgaard
Finally became socially internet active.
The difference between Refugees and animals
Fire Tornado [0:11]
This guy   
House Rushes To Gut FCC Authority To Prevent Inquiry Into Comcast Broadband Caps | Techdirt
"Stuck in the Middle with You" - Stealers Wheel
John Lennon - Steel And Glass
Why has news media seemingly become more sensationalist over the past decade(s)?
That's all, folks!
Why TransCanada's $15 Billion Lawsuit Against U.S. Is a Bad Omen for Trans-Pacific Partnership
Age of Wushu Dynasty First Look 
My friends that work landscape can't keep their heads above the water in the winter because for the past decade we've had record temperatures. Fuck El Niño and possibly global warming.
New enzyme could be used as an insulin alternative, to treat diabetes and obesity
a subverse for all games that use only text. MUDs, roguelikes, text adventures, for both the creation and enjoyment of them.
A list of Senators who should be fired for not doing their jobs 
Are there any turn based JRPGS with a combo based combat system similar to Xenogears or Legends of Legaia?
8+ year slide downhill.  Goodbye Reddit.
GoldenEye 007 Meets Unreal Engine 4
Expand all comments and replies
UK's Drone Killing Program 'Shrouded in Secrecy and Beyond Accountability'
Thanks to Skymod, I've fallen down the cow rabbithole.
Best gym trainer award
A Voat Development Podcast
Satoru Iwata To Receive Lifetime Achievement Award At 2016 D.I.C.E. Awards
PSA: DO NOT CLICK PM LINKS PPL SEND YOU, someone is sending out IP capturing links
Man is having a bad day
[Fallout 4][PS4] Building All The Pokémon On Spectacle Island. #001-#050 Complete. (Short Video)
What would you do with money if you win powerball?
Joined a day ago, thought I should introduce myself. Hows it going people?
Toliet paper sure is expensive these days
I am finally getting around to creating a voat account. Hello, fellow Americans.
Subverse for medieval music
Sex Machineguns - Sex Machinegun (Live with Intro Solo)
Google hires a White House aide to handle its policy battles
I'm here because I was told to abandon reddit.
I can't remember the name of a science fiction book I read a long time ago
Aww yisss, scritches.
Ricky Gervais Teaches Conan & Andy To Play "A**hole Or Elbow" - CONAN on TBS
Casino (1995) - Take your feet off the table...
What seemingly small act/incidence/situation has had a rather unequally large impact on you recently? 
The Eagles - Witchy Woman
Obama last night: "Anyone claiming that America's economy is in decline is peddling fiction." NASDAQ down 2.5% today so far.
Iron Maiden - Running Free (Live After Death)
Remix OS - Android-based OS For Desktop: Extended Review, Video Demonstration and Installation Instruction
How to help someone who is choking
Human life
first genetically modified embryos could be created within weeks in the UK
What Happens When a Video Game's World Ends? 
Adult Swim Games Pokemon-Inspired Pocket Mortys Releases Early on iOS and Android
Iron Maiden - Somewhere In Time (1986) - Full Album
Brick in a washer on a trampoline.
  the Eagles story movie
My Abuse Story (Warning: /pol/tards in the comments)
Dad Joke Survivors
My internet was down for almost 4 minutes. I'm OK but the 911 operator was a total bitch about it


Heroes Reborn Cancelled at NBC
NCAA votes today on allowing conferences with fewer than 12 teams to hold championship games
Dream job: Farm needs you to cuddle its little baby goats
My internet was down for almost 4 minutes. I'm OK but the 911 operator was a total bitch about it


How farmers are affected when broken copyright rules take away their right to repair equipment.
Is autism hiding in a fold of the brain?
SRS/staff of reddit kicked us out of their site and then proceeds to follow us here and stick around and manipulate content.
Giant Rocket Powered Firework Wheel
Hungarian man tries donating to refugees
Chomsky Hierarchy - Computerphile
Nap goals1
Bad Religion - True North
View count on user profiles: set to private or public
Sir Digby Chicken Caesar - Mitchell and Webb
My internet was down for almost 4 minutes. I'm OK but the 911 operator was a total bitch about it


Melody Of The Night
TO VOAT!! with goats and moats and boats and coats
Skiing into the earth
Money Monster Official Trailer # 1 (2016) - George Clooney, Julia Roberts Movie HD
FREE STEAM KEYS FOR VOAT!!
NASA science brief : Coal and gas are far more harmful than nuclear power. 
Railnation - Era 3 - Best Trains to Research and Use
How I imagine your average Swedish man
The Firm - "Radioactive"  (1985)
Does anybody else feel Ted Cruz is a ringer for the big banks?
Iron Maiden - Flight Of Icarus 
Trump's election to cause an SJW diaspora.  I am hopeful they find the enrichment and great vibrancy they seek.  
EIICY OSE POLR OPP?    Oooh, EIICY OSE POLR OPP
62% of Germans now say the number of asylum seekers is too high, up from 53% in November
For folks in the Southern Hemisphere: The Lovin' Spoonful - "Summer in the City" (1966)
For folks in the Northern Hemisphere: The Bangles - "Hazy Shade of Winter" (Live performance, 2011)
Ricky Gervais doesn't care if people thought his Golden Globes routine was "transphobic"
"I know God, Ernie."
Indicator for when a comment has a reply on the comment history page.
A brief history of Sweden.
Mini Force Field Steers Swarms of Microbots
My internet was down for almost 4 minutes. I'm OK but the 911 operator was a total bitch about it


I will not eat it in a stew, I will not eat it with fondue. I will not eat it old or new - I will not eat it, so fuck you.
Is anyone else pissed off at Germans for destroying a whole bunch of falafel shops? Falafel's delicious.
 What games coming out in 2016 do you think will do well or flop?
I'm a new user
Slow-Mo Tree Explosion
Voat, what's your favourite film?
My internet was down for almost 4 minutes. I'm OK but the 911 operator was a total bitch about it


What do you wish you said when you had the chance to say it?
Voat, what is a question you can´t answer? 
friday nights be like
Undulatus Asperatus
A Christmas goat on voat.
Pyramid - Astral
Squirrel doing multiple backflips in a pet store. 
Hoverboard catches fire halfway through unboxing video.
My internet was down for almost 4 minutes. I'm OK but the 911 operator was a total bitch about it


If you get bored...
T(umblr)OPKEK
I found a easy way to deal with "refugee" crisis in Europe while making money for the US
This flashlight "Lumen" is powered by body heat, not batteries
Bernie Sanders Said Something Sane About Campus RapeActivists Are Attacking Him
Who would have a better chance of defeating Trump, Clinton or Sanders?
New user here!
The Entire Zelda Series in all of its gloy 'nuff said
We Plants Are Happy Plants - Underneath The Form
Yoko Ono Screaming [Goat Edition] 
Tiesto - Forbidden Paradise (Deep Trance Mix)
Turnips for Lahore, Pakistan
Ben Simmons must ignore NBA draft hype, says 2013 number-one pick Anthony Bennett
Steph curry is better than Larry bird
A sub-verse for anything military related. 
Bernie Sanders Says Police, Not Colleges, Should Handle Rape
Ted Cruz Didnt Disclose Loan From Goldman Sachs for His First Senate Campaign
BBC to reboot Robot Wars
BUSTED!  Republican State of Union Response Carried Amnesty Pledge in Spanish Version
The richer the 1% get, the more miserable you get: Rising income inequality makes the 99% less happy
PM me for free CompTIA Network+ PDF Ebook. (I have to use Win10 for the disk labs etc.)
Audit the Fed failed. It seems like something that would be a no-brainer, but this is Congress we're talking about. Why are the Democrats against it? 
Ex-Muslim Professor: Rape Gangs Inevitable, Muslim Men Live In Britain As If It Was Pakistan - Breitbart
This is what happens when you reply to spam email
Trump fires back at Haley: she certainly has no trouble asking me for campaign contributions, cause over the years shes asked me for a hell of a lot of money in campaign contributions'
Drilling platform in rough waves.
Any updates on how exactly Ian Murdock died?
Hey Voat. 
ALF learns about the facts of life.
What can you do to increase the velocity of poop leaving your butt?
JEDEC updates HBM standard with bigger stacks and faster speeds
When your genome costs less than your iPhone: The beautiful, terrifying future of DNA sequencing - TechRepublic
Teachers in Detroit on sickout strike against crumbling, pest-ridden schools
Ammon Bundy, the man leading a group of armed protesters called Wednesday for a common law grand jury to examine what he called violations of the U.S. Constitution.
South African President Jacob Zuma sings "kill the white farmer"
How I Imagine Life Under The New World Order
engineering in animals
Ted Cruz Didnt Adequately Disclose 2012 Loans for Senate Campaign     
OOOOOkay, wtff
Just watched Insidious 3. Apparently Darth Maul crossed genres.
Three deers standing in perfect alignment.
Wolf Link amiibo Unlocks New Dungeon in Zelda: Twilight Princess HD
'Mourning' kangaroo was trying to mate, says expert - BBC News
How do you know when someone is inherently flirting?
Elmo the killer
IRS May Still Be Targeting Conservative Groups
What's up, everyone? Left Reddit and now I'm here! ;D
Tom Clancy: The Division. Anyone excited about this game?
I think I see the problem here
What's the difference between a black community rioting against police brutality and the German people rioting against migrant brutality?
Alan Rickman Dead
Robert Palmer - Addicted To Love
'Green pea' galaxy provides insights to early universe evolution
Ability to subscribe to users.
Just another reddit survivor. Holy crap what a crap fest over there.
A funny black and white cat vs my hand
I'm loving this voat thing
Reports: Actor Alan Rickman dies of cancer
PC sales still falling, Apple still growing - TechRepublic
Peter Gabriel - Sledgehammer (1986)
IMPORTANT: Notorious troll /u/Techius is trying to take over /v/music via a subverse transfer request.
This is what I call a badass.
Who else has to turn on the subtitles in some British movies?
In my heart, Time Warner Cable will always suck
Patriots player Chandler Jones is hospitalized after 'smoking synthetic marijuana' and turning up at a police station looking confused
What is the best-written, most comprehensive and concise summary of how reddit went to shit? Has someone written an authoritative summary? 
0.0% of Icelanders 25 years or younger believe God created the world, new poll reveals
Are There Any Good Retro Games That Can Be Played In A Browser/ Chromebook?
Voat is better when we add discussion and content, and worse when we argue over  mods and power.  Maybe we should shut up and post real content.
what was your favorite class in college?
Phish - My Friend My Friend/Split Open & Melt
Interstate '76 HD - Mission 1 + Intro   (I'm starting a new series)
Ancient crocodile was size of a bus
Angry muslim screams at elders on bus
The Ozone Hole Was Super Scary, So What Happened To It?
Metallica - One
The glass-steagal act is better than the Volcker rule. 
Piccadilly Square, London, 1939. Photograph by S&G Barratts
Introducing a subverse for all things archetypal and symbolical, /v/Jung.
Do not miss any opportunity to make money
Twitter sued for "knowingly permitting" ISIS on social network
The Only Proper Way To React Upon Hearing Of Alan Rickman's Fate
Bayonetta 2 receives a Wii U relaunch on February 19 for $30 (removes Bayonetta 1 from the box)
Chemical Plant Zone Remix (Sonic 2)
OpenSSH: client bugs CVE-2016-0777 and CVE-2016-0778
Tiny Motors Could Help Slower Sperm Swim To Egg | Keep in mind the amount of stupid on this Earth is from the fastest swimmers.
I've been acting like an Ostrich. Avoiding the internet to protect my anonymity is as ridiculous as an Ostrich burying its head in the sand. Slow to figure it out, but I finally got it.
Make subverse CSS publicly available with a button on the sidebar
Tom Petty - "Rebels"
Alan Rickman on reading Harry Potter
Rand Paul Should be in the Debate Tomorrow | Chris Hayes MSNBC
Elementary Human Interface Guidelines - Advice on UI and software design
fakealbumcovers is a new up and coming sub to share your album art wether fake or real! 
What did you think of 'A Most Violent Year'? 
Benghazi Victims Mother SCREAMS: Hillary Is a Liar! After Watching 13 Hours (VIDEO)
The Best of Console-tan
If a 45 year old asian man in a labcoat ran up to you, grabbed you by the shoulders, and while looking you in the eyes said "YOU FOOL," what would be the first thing that popped into your head?
370 Percent Increase of Able-Bodied Adults Without Dependents on Food Stamps
Eight Factors Worrying Clinton Backers Before Iowa
State Department Will Release Emails from Top Hillary Aide
/new RSS feeds
Obama calls on Congress to pass TPP
Clintons attacks produce windfall of campaign cash for Sanders
It gets awfully lonely waiting for consoles to load
Feature Flag Driven Development
common "cultural misunderstandings" between the west and Islam
John Lennon - "Gimme Some Truth": A song that contains various political references emerging from the time it was written.
What do you guys think of the zero nominations for Quentin Tarantino and his cast for 'The Hateful Eight'?
How do you feel about novelty accounts?
Tennessee Ernie Ford Sings 16 Tons
Which is it, Trumpies?
Is polling data accurate?  Or, should you believe polls are valid representations of people's opinions?
what do you hate most about yourself?
'I FINK U FREEKY' by DIE ANTWOORD (Official)
Black Sabbath - "Lonely is the Word" (1980)
Soft Hair on Black Holes: Stephen Hawking reckons he's cracked the black hole paradox
Yet another Reddit migrant...
Syfy announces premiere dates for 12 Monkeys and Hunters
5000+ Duckling First Bath
A subverse for all who want to live according to a standard of Virtue, instead of arbitrary identity politics.
Rita Hayworth
What are you supposed to be doing right now instead of browsing Voat?
Play Billiards With Smoke Ring
I can hide all NSFW content with an option in my profile. Why can't I do the same for SFW content?
The Sand Cat 
Puppy Dog Eyes
Mission(s) to Mars
  Reefer madness debunked as major UK study finds marijuana does not reduce IQ in teens
Planned Parenthood Sues Makers Of Undercover Videos
Law Amendment Proposal Targeting Sexist Video Games Withdrawn in France
We've got Superman in Our Midst
Hello Voat, just your average run of the mill presidential candidate joining your ranks.
Looking forward to exercising some free speech!
Grisly Find Suggests Humans Inhabited Arctic 45,000 Years Ago,  (More than 10,000 years earlier than scientists had believed)
Joe Rogan VS. Feminist
More People In Europe Are Dying Than Are Being Born 
The US Government Has An Internet Killswitch - And It's None Of Your Business | Zero Hedge
Why haven't people realized how worthless the Oscars are?
Rotherham Muslim sexual abuse trial: Corrupt detective paid to protect Basharat Hussain from arrest
[Meta] Users posting Christian music here might be better to put that in https://voat.co/v/christianmusic?
Emails Prove Hillary Knew Libyan Rebels Were Conducting Ethnic Cleansing, Supported Them Anyway
Uber Fined $7.6 Million In California
German high court rules Facebook Friend Finder is unlawful
Inside the Pantone color factory 
WORST NIGHTMARE for US Military New Missile Technology 
I made a little tool to get the RSS feed of the new submissions of a subverse
Shocking Report Reveals Migrants Committed Over 185,000 Crimes in Germany
Mein Kampf' sells out as publisher rushes to print more
Top Textbook Publishing Exec: "It's never about the kids"
Trump More Than Doubles National Lead in NBC/WSJ Poll
I'm In!    
Hopped on the migrant train from Reddit to Voat, hello!
Ballistic erection
Butthole Surfers - Pepper
Windows 10 Users Rail Against Microsoft Bloatware
Penn & Teller help explain why I defend flag burning 
Syfy's First 'Hunters' Trailer: Big Guns, Alien Terrorists
Night Dive with the Manta Rays of Kona Hawaii
'Power Rangers' Star Ricardo Medina Charged With Murder
People who have dislocated your ankle, what was recovery like?
Why Hipster Commercials Are the Worst
MRW I Hear There Is Nice People On Voat
Welp, looks like I'm here?
remember the good old days when the unions were strong and the money was rollin' in?
Saying hello with an ulterior motive
Just Cause 3 remains uncracked in China. Chinese gaming groups declare this the beginning of the end of China's piracy dynasty
New theory of secondary inflation expands options for avoiding an excess of dark matter
Tony Parker had 24 points and the San Antonio Spurs used a furious start to the fourth quarter to beat the Cleveland Cavaliers 99-95
Captain's Log on Stardate 47113.7
Two Teddy Bears 
Thanks Uncle!
Daniel Radcliffe on Alan Rickman
Long weekend could destroy progress with a girl?
Do you ever race yourself while doing things?
Exactly How My Dog Acts
There are no secure smartphones
Hillary Clintons national lead is slipping faster in 2016 than it did in 2008
The Greatest Boss, Mallory Archer.
Throwback in time: Donald J. Trump, over 25 years ago. 
Am I in the wrong?
"Code of Merit 1.0 is out! Thanks to all contributors of this initial version!" - Roberto Rosario(@siloraptor)
Nightingale
Leonardo DiCaprio Hopes He Screamed And Cried Good Enough In The Revenant To Win Oscar
Somewhere Over The Rainbow - Judy Garland 1939 
A Little Hand 
I feel so old.  I'm 28.
Dio - Last in Line
If you have never heard of "ratting" then you need to see this
Most powerful supernova ever seen discovered. 20 times brighter than all the stars in the Milky Way combined.
Glad to formally meet you all!
20x brighter than Milky Way: Most powerful supernova observed lights up far-away galaxy 
Acid House 1989 Illegal Rave Sunrise Energy
Audience members at the GOP Debate chant for the absent Rand Paul. 
Why all pop music sounds the same
Pretty Hair 
Penn & Teller Bullshit! S03E09 Gun Control
Unveiling the Titanosaur, which may be the worlds largest dinosaur
Senator Rand Paul live right now answering your questions.
FBI Agents Caught Posing As Militia Members To Harass Locals In Oregon
Remember when Slimgr had to change its name?
Snow, sunshine, and trees
beautiful cake
Block a Domain
Safe spaces work both ways
Florida ditches surgical standards after failing hospital donates to GOP
Bernie supporters of Voat, what will you do if Hillary wins the nomination?
Valve Deploys 100 Gbps Internet Ports from Level 3 after Significant Rise in Steam's Online Gaming Demands
Say hello to the assfish
Perspective
This guy has it solved
10 Cloverfield Lane Trailer (2016) - Paramount Pictures
Top 5 best gaming mice under $50 in 2016
What to do if you see Snake? Watch this bro !! :)
Forensics - Cyanide & Happiness Shorts
When an elephant herd meet with the tractor driver
Pepper Telling Me About Her Day =^_^=
Military aircraft collide in Hawaii; search on for survivors
Puppies performing acrobatics!
15 shot techniques mastered by Spielberg
ZZ Top - "Tush"
Very weird old photos
Driving an F1 car on a ski slope. That seems a sane thing to do.
The Commitments - "Mustang Sally"
Gary Clark Jr. - "Don't Owe You A Thang" [Official Music Video]
U.S. Will Track Secret Buyers of Luxury Real Estate
With regard to the Oregon Standoff, do you think the Feds are guilty of extortion? If so, are people who support the Feds complicit in extorting their fellow citizens?
When it was really cold last year my boss stated "What happened to global warming?" in a sarcastic tone....
Prominent Bitcoin developer Mike Hearn quits Bitcoin calling it a failure.
Voat, what has been your biggest fuck-up to date?
Add the ability for users to "ignore" other users.
Facebook pictures and a news station. 
Feeding time!
On reddit...
That is some clickbait.
Tom Petty and The Heartbreakers - Big Weekend
You are the final boss in an RPG. What song is playing when the protagonist battles you?
This tweet from Moms Demand Action... (xpost from /v/guns)
Do you use VPN/Proxy/Tor?
Chris Isaak - " Baby Did a Bad Bad Thing"
Legacy of Alan Rickman
Simon & Garfunkel with Everly Brothers - "Bye Bye Love" (New York 2003)
Oopsie Daisy
Rape Survivor Asks Moms Demand Action: Why are You Turning Women into Powerless Victims?
Well, you did not specify...
employers, how does one make themselves more attractive to you as a new hire (other than experience) 
NRA's Wayne LaPierre | A Challenge for the President
The deal with the Clinton devil is over. Once untouchable, Hillary and Bill are getting pounded
Blowing up a boulder
Amalek in 9th grade
Bill O'Reilly vows to flee to Ireland if Bernie Sanders wins
Does anyone here know which type of tool steel can be used in shear/splitting granite.
While GOP candidates were slugging it out at the debate, we spent the night with Rand Paul
8 WTF Moments from Last Nights Republican Debate
China Announces Plan to Make First Landing on Far Side of Moon in 2018
Budgie - "Breadfan" (1973)
Awesome Parenting
Got chased here by a reddit witch hunt...
The father of a boy killed at Sandy Hook gets death threats; some people say the shooting was a hoax
The city with the most polluted air
[O/A]  Nobody Likes Rahm Emanuel, But He Isnt Going Anywhere
GOP Debate Interrupted By Cries of We Want Rand'Its a Sad Stage without Him
Metallica - Fade to Black
Using If statement in C 
How Twitter quietly banned hate speech last year
Google's creepy plan to kill the password
Cere was the first asteroid ever to be discovered, when it was spotted in 1801. Tracking it would lead to the development of fundamental statistical analysis techniques. 
New Bill To Thwart Strong Crypto, Demands Smartphones Makers Be Able To Decrypt
No. of crimes in Japan falls to postwar low in 2015. 933 murder for a 127M population. Teenage crimes numbers lower than 65yo+. 
What is your theory for everything?
Scrap book of Russian bookjackets, 1917-1942
Game Shut Down After Democrat Katherine Clark Complains of 'Harassment'
Intercooler.js v0.9.3 released - declarative AJAX library
Host of 2,000+ person party: Worth it despite drug overdoses
Moss closeup - Found on ipfs.pics
"Kitty"- The Presidents of United States 
You have not seen
Googles detailed intervention rates reveal the real unsolved problem of robocars
Chris Carter Has Written a Third 'X-Files' Movie
A subverse to unify against corporate power and finally end copyright
A stoat on a coat on a goat on a boat on a moat, how long will it float?
Al Sharptons Group Calls for Oscars Boycott, Blasts Racist' Hollywood
Hey New here Feeling excited
FCC had productive net neutrality talks with Comcast, AT&T, T-Mobile
The US Thinks China May Have Stolen Military Robot Designs
Twitter, And Pretty Much Everyone Else, Had A Bad Day
Your'e my bitch now, bitch.
So I've just responded to Vice about #blacklivesmatter. Spoiler - vice says #alllivesmatter!
Help!!          
High court will hear Microsoft appeal over Xbox lawsuit
Facebook Messenger, Snapchat decline in popularity
How to jump out of a moving car.
How malware developers could bypass Macs Gatekeeper without really trying
Hamster eating a carrot
"You better beg me to forgive you for what I made you do, or else. . . "
Rand Paul Flipping Off The Media
Drugs     
Exploring the sunken wreckage of a drug smuggler's DC-3. Norman's Cay, Bahamas.
Retail is Dead, Dead, Dead  Except The Local Watering Hole
Angela Merkel Doesn't Care Whether You Like Her Immigration Plan Or Not
Whats the nicest thing someone has done for you?
Have much of a sweet tooth? How do you like to satisfy it?
Help astronomers find something!
Fear Factory - Securitron HQ
firenado     
Voat, is it pop or soda.
people who have had sex in public, where have you done it?
Are you wearing socks right now?
Here, this should stop the rapes in Germany.
With this ring, I thee OH SHIT
Middle school girl who suffered asthma attack faces punishment
Simon and Garfunkel - Bridge Over Troubled Water (live)
Georgia HB731 | To designate certain weaponry and ammunition as contraband and to require seizure of such
How Not To Defend Atheism
on the subway
Simon and Garfunkel - American Tune
Swedish TV accidentally put subtitles from Kids Channel onto political debate.
Bill aiming to ban islamic child marriages shot down  - The Express Tribune
Russian Bison Bomber Delivering a Buran Booster Tank
how did you come up with your screen name?
Cow Cuddles
Pearl Jam, Jeremy
What is the size of your phone screen?
The Man Who Sold The World - David Bowie - Live at the beeb
Baidus Artificial Intelligence Team Releases Key Deep-Learning Code
Arethra Franklin on vocals and Duane Allman on slide guitar -The Weight - 1969
Dutchman arrested on suspicion of killing ISIS fighters.
Social Distortion - 99 To Life
Fox Greenlights 'Prison Break' Event Series, Orders '24' Spinoff Pilot 'Legacy'
I'm here to share information
Why did you like Mad Max: Fury Road?
Elon Musk on Twitter: "Conducted hold-down firing of returned Falcon rocket. Data looks good overall, but engine 9 showed thrust fluctuations."
How can I recover my password for Voat?
Poverty linked to childhood depression, changes in brain connectivity
Milo Yiannopoulos Warns Twitter to Stop the Lies
So John Romero made a new Doom level
What technologies will be the next "big thing" in the 21st century?
Dead Boys - Live at CBGB's 1977
George Lucas and Mola Ram catching some shade
License and registration, please: California mulling new drone-ownership laws
Non-Americans of Voat, what do you think about Bernie Sanders, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, etc?
Nirvana - The Man Who Sold The World (MTV Unplugged) 
What two books by different authors share noticeably similar themes?  
If I were a rapist, I could ask for no greater gift than the bogus campus rape panic whipped up by progressives. All accusers now suspect.
LiveLeak.com - Moment When Grandma Raises A Glass To Hitler
Megadeth - Tornado of souls
The Importance of Recording Video So You Don't Get Charged with Gang Rape
Obama be like...
ARM Don't Make Computer Chips - Computerphile
Skylake users given 18 months to upgrade to Windows 10
Twitter Pushes Censorship as Only Way to Prevent Censorship
Boy Singing With Tourette's - Original Song
Collective Soul - Shine
Christian Slater says starring on 'Mr. Robot' has made him paranoid about the internet
Bill Maher talks about Cologe
Why I got banned from the aquarium
Stay calm, Taiwan. 40 minutes left.
Muslims Try to Murder a Man for Handing Out Anti-Islam Pamphlets 
What is the death toll by the Oregon protesters so far?
This Is The Cartoon Germany Hands Out To Sexually Frustrated Refugees | Zero Hedge
WW3, Who vs Who?
My 5 Best Of 2015 (X-post /V/AtTheMoviesWithVlad)
Ability to tag NSFW after posted. Also, allow users to vote if a post should be tagged NSFW.
$.99 Gas in Texas
He is so sorry. Now wants 5 million.  
150 car pile-up in Michigan today is some of the most frightening footage we have ever seen
How Pat Bagley of The Salt Lake Tribune pictures Sanders vs Clinton
cat taking selfies
'Sharia Patrols' Harassing Citizens in London, Belgium, Sweden
Forest brook
Criticism may not be agreeable, but it is necessary. It fulfils the same function as pain in the human body. It calls attention to an unhealthy state of things. - Winston Churchill
Signs of Intermediate mass black hole noticed in Milky Way
What the Internet is Doing to Our Brains
Tom Waits/Cookie Monster - Hell Broke Luce
The Right Way to Off-Board a Departing Employee
The Ultimate Terrorist Factory
Tom Waits & The Seven Dwarfs - Heigh Ho
What is "Amalek"?
Which voat plugin should we contribute to?
High-res NASA image shows 150km-wide potential 'cryovolcano' on Pluto
Comets cant explain weird alien megastructure star after all
Anamatronic Head
Freakonomics » How Can Tiny Norway Afford to Buy So Many Teslas? A New Freakonomics Radio Podcast
Crunchyroll Leads By Example: The Future Of Streaming Video Is Niche
Should extreme feminism be approached as if it were a cult? 
Sam Harris: What happens if you really follow the bible
Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen - Port Report
How to tie a bandana properly incase you guys needed to know
Astronomers Discover Most Luminous Supernova Ever Seen - ASASSN-15lh
Voat is all about free speech and all that, but is there a "line"?
Madness - One Step Beyond
Bernie Sanders Beating Hillary Clinton on Broadcast TV
Fox orders new '24' pilot with all-new cast
Windows 10 is embracing silicon innovation and will be the only Windows to support new CPU generations
Terminator 1 & 2 piano suite - original composition (I'm just sharing - not involved)
Free Speech vs Hypocrisy (Charlie Hebdo)
The new movie "50 Shades of Black" glorifies several negative stereotypes of black people.
Nintendo President Kimishima reveals some plans for 2016, including expansion into mobile & themepark market, Nintendo-based animes and movies.
Hello VOATers I am Shah Jan Shah...
Bohemian Rhapsody Arranged for Classical Guitar 
This Is The Cartoon Germany Hands Out To Sexually Frustrated Refugees
Graphene uses to make solar panels get more power
Fracking in Alberta: daily quakes and thirsty residents
When your campaign team doesn't know how to use Urban Dictionary 
Begin advertising using simple small image icons.
Microsoft won't support old Windows versions on new processors
Reddit's visitor traffic rank (Alexa) never recovered.
PLEASE, cuddle the cat
Europe's Betrayal of Women | Pat Condell
Stone Temple Pilots - Interstate Love Song
Why does everyone refer to a robust social safety net as socialism nowadays? When did this happen?
As a Mod, I noticed that the reply and delete button are dangerously close to each other.
How does stress or unhappiness affect your appetite?
Beetlejuice - Day-o (Banana Boat Song)
The Truth About the Regressive Left
Prince Alwaleed's Hypocrisy
Do you have a favorite piece of clothing you own? What is it? 
The Making of Drone 100 | Drone Light Show (Starts @ 3:40)
Pack Of Teens Determined To Get Free Shit 
What does Voat like to do on the weekends? What  is your poison and how do you chill?
More Popcorn Needed: Bill O'Reilly Vows to Move to Ireland if Sanders is Elected
Censorship
How American P.C. Culture Conquered Britain, Too
What is the difference between a top loading and a side loading washer? Which do you prefer?
Hi there, magnora here. Some of you may know me as magnora7 from reddit. I like to write articles that expose how our society works and also empower people to be outspoken about awakening others. 
What would be a totally mundane, but useful superpower? 
What movie began the trend of porn movie spoofs? I think it was this one. Do you know of any earlier examples?
So, Win10 just did a massive update of some sort. Haven't really bothered to find out what it did. But...
I'm really looking forward to seeing the movie about Sean Penn's life. Especially the ending where he gets tracked down and murdered by a drugs cartel
Voat Dev suggestion: Every password must contain 2 women talking to each other about something over than a man.
Stanley Jordan - ''Jumpin' Jack'' (One Night with Blue Note)
Ted Cruz said he "didn't know" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable
Ronald Reagan's opinion on Libertarianism
BASIC Programming Language in Minecraft
If You Have 8M Followers on Instagram Your Phone Screen Seems Like This
Brightest supernova ever seen pushes theoretical models to the edge
AMD Unveils "Polaris 11" And "Polaris 10" GPUs - To Deliver The "most revolutionary jump in performance so far"
Lucky Bikers Compilation 2015
Terminator is a love story
Hey, /v/Music, what's you're favorite instrumental?
'Archer' Sets Season 7 Premiere Date (March 31)
Here you go. Why I stopped playing Fallout 4.
Sorry, stoners: Chuck Lorre is developing The Big Bang Theory of weed
In review of TBS comedy "Angie Tribeca," Huffpost writer says that his wife has declared that women, as a whole, think Get Smart, the Marx Brothers, and Leslie Nielsen are unfunny and "stupid"
The future of transportation 
Segovia plays Bach
No no nooo NOOOOOooooo!
Best Friends
F1 Car Flying Crash
Drunk CS:GO Casual
Orwellian. If it's orwellian, post it here.
finishing a game of Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes with 0.00s left on the clock
Man Driving Car Without Steering Wheel
Jeb Bush Ignoring Staffers Hinting it is Time to Suspend Campaign
Good point.
EX- Taco bell exec sueing Uber driver he assaulted for millions.
Filmaker gets mugged by refugees then appologizes for their behavior
Do you think McDonald's will ever close up shop? What about the future of other brands' chains? Will bottom-barrel "foods" eventually just cease to exist?
Benny Goodman - Paducah
Die Antwoord - Cookie Thumper
The revolving door between Google and the White House continues to spin
Why are reddit users not a fan of voat?
Metallica - Nothing Else Matters (1991), a track inspired by the long stretches of time alone on the road
Long haired people, what are the best ways to take care of your long locks?
Cheap web cams can open permanent, difficult-to-spot backdoors into networks
NE Patriots beat KC Cheifs 27-20
The Glitch Mob - How To Be Eaten By A Woman
Chet Atkins - The Entertainer
Hyrule Warriors Legends Head-to-Head Comparison (3DS vs. Wii U)
Wang Chung - Everybody Have Fun Tonight
Where's Caitlyn? Leftist media and high-profile transgender activists silent as Muslim invaders in Germany attempt to stone two transgender women to death
Germany's finance minister proposes petrol tax to fund refugees | News | DW.COM | 16.01.2016
Burned pattern from a downed electrical line
'Fargo' Season 3 to Take Place in 2010
African Migrant Sneak Attack On A European Woman In Hungary
A Catalog of Programming Languages that Programmers Hate
She is somebody!
If your partner told you they loved you and wanted to be with you but also see other people because monogamy just felt wrong to them, how would you react?
Stevie Ray Vaughan - "Lenny" (Live in Tokyo, 1985)
Doxing @atko girlfriend
Bait Bicycle Rigged to Shock Bike Thieves As They Ride Away
Bernie Sanders Taps White Guy Pretending To Be Black To Campaign For Him At Black Colleges
What do you hope/believe happens after you die?
Hillarys Catastrophic Collapse In One Chart
Did anyone else born in the 80's think the quaker oats guy looked like Barbra Bush?
Bernie Sanders backs away from 2005 gun vote
@Atko's profile pic is currently the FSM
Jaden Smith lauded for popularizing the image of boys in skirts; sister Willow "deconstructs binaries" by comparing apples to "opposite of an apple"
CDC Issues Travel Warning After Explosion Of Dangerous Zika Virus, Which Can Cause Microcephaly: Pregnant women are advised to avoid travel to the Caribbean and Latin America
Desperate Liar - Glenn Beck Sends Followers Fake Trump Tweet - Trying To Prop Up Failing Ted Cruz
OPEC's oil basket price drops to $25 a barrel | Reuters
What have we lost now that we can no longer read the sky?
Playboy Mansion goes on sale for $200M, with one catch: 89-year-old Hef gets to live there and lounge in his bathrobe until he dies
Bernie Sanders Calls For Michigan Governor To Resign Over Poisoned Water Scandal
15 Year Old Boy Was Stabbed To Death By Arab Migrant Because He Was Protecting Young Girl From Sex Assault
A federal judge has ruled that the FBI must release documents it improperly withheld about StingRays, the cellphone mass-surveillance devices that have been deployed in secret for decades.
Happiness is a warm lap
Not a new user, but I am at 499 CCP and I am pissed off.
Pope Jedi Trick
Three North African teenagers threw stones at two German transgender women - My, what a conundrum for SJWs.
Mitigate Hosting Costs & Decentralize Voat by Migrating to IPFS
UPDATE: Glen Beck gets stumped, cries like a little girl
About Time. Makes me incredibly sad, anyone else?
Requesting addition of /v/Pastafarianism to the /v/Religion sidebar
I hope employers are keeping track of these colleges that allow PC BS to take focus over education. Those students could create a hostile work place for their other employees.
I'm not Batman
A Defense of Trunk-based Development
Oregon occupiers: "These buildings will never, ever return to the federal government"
A Piano Piece I composed. Hope you like it!
Parov Stelar - Chambermaid Swing
If it were Caucasian men raping everything what would be the contrast reaction in voats opinion?
Were you once a supporter of the Left/far left/Progressive of politics and are not anymore? What made you change your views?
That is one serious moth!
Face plant
Is There a Plain Flavored ice cream? 
My brother works at a major international airport loading luggage, and most of his coworkers are mulsims. 
Tell me how to format a button to share content on Voat.
ISIS Has Its Own Encrypted Chat App
World's largest match.
Carly Fiorina: Hillary Clinton Ought To Release All of Her Medical Records
Imagine Getting Your Bones Crushed By This Bus-Sized Crocodile 
SpaceX Falcon 9 landing on drone ship a step to deep space travel
Feeding baby elephant
Iggy Pop - Neighborhood Threat
Migrants in Calais tent city attack journalists
Why People Join ISIS
Cheap Trick - Surrender
Utah Data Center
People injured and one person dies in drug trial.
Meet NASAs Newest Ocean-Exploring Satellite Before it Launches Tomorrow!
Caught in the Act  
Microsoft finally kills support for Windows 8
Bullseye!    
Something happened (Linux and Windows)
Glory to God (with lyrics) - Hillsong - Christmas
Red beautiful rose
 Nice piano
Under Pressure - David Bowie - Reality Tour (Finally found after 6 years of searching)
Can the Steam Controller provide mouse-like input to a game that only supports analogue sticks?
China to attempt a space first: Landing on the far side of the Moon
A hot drink
SteamOS 2.0 "Brewmaster" 1080p Demo - The First Update in 2016: OS For Gamers From Valve
Milo's latest appearance on The Big Questions (Does social-media reveal mens hatred for women?)
MRW my boss greets me
I am having a hard time finding examples....
"Science is a social construct." - So this is the sad state of academia nowadays. 
Duet - Little Martha - Duane Allman & Dickie Betts 1969
are the admins able to read our private messages on here?

Got any weird neighbor stories?
The  Knife Game Song
[Translated] German extreme leftists attack right wing rally, severely injuring one protester
Prohibit non-default subs that require ccp to downvoat from entering /v/all pages.
These made my heart happy...
A little boy hugging his chicken
Whistleblowers Yuliya and Vitaly Stepanov describe Russia's sports doping system [Cross-post from v/science]
Stole this from Reddit, seemed relavent...sorry if repost
Robots have their priorities straight
all I want in life is a big fur beast
43 percent of likely Democratic caucus participants describe themselves as socialists, including 58 percent of Sanderss supporters and about a third of Clintons.
The Hymn of God's Word "Let Your Life Be Filled with the Word of God" | The Church of Almighty God
Freedom of religion in Saudia Arabia, or the closure of their Wahhabi schools in the UK
Hillary Clinton email challenge rejected by federal judge as 'moot'
Iran moves from pariah state to regional power
House Republicans resume effort to undermine net neutrality
A lot of people misuse the word chivalry...
Twitter Sued by Victim's Family for Allowing ISIS Accounts - Breitbart
Fuck you @atko
Why Ghana Started a Space Program
Bruce Springsteen Pays Tribute to David Bowie With Live Rebel Rebel
Will Congress Let ISPs Charge Whatever They Want? --  The Motley Fool
We Have Our First Lawsuit Over Ted Cruz's Eligibility -- And It's A Doozy
Unimaginably Heinous Racist Crisis: These College Students Claim Their Cafeteria Food Is Racist
Would Africa have formed modern countries if Europe had not colonized Africa? 
Yo I'm a human just like you.
Burglar meets Paratrooper
Netflix Gives JESSICA JONES a Second Season | Nerdist
Neil Degrasse Tyson explains what went wrong with Islam
An oligarchy has broken our democracy. It must be dislodged
Orange Is the New Black - Season 4 - Teaser - Netflix [HD]
This NAFTA Lawsuit over Keystone XL Proves "Free Trade" Deals Kill Democracy
Cultural Bolsheviks in the Media Manipulate the English Language: Comment on How Americas dying white supremacist movement is seizing on Donald Trumps appeal
Marco Rubio: My gun a "last line of defense" against ISIS
Leading Muslim Scholar: Gender Equality Against Islam - Women Only Fit to Deliver Children
U.S. and EU firms warn of 'enormous' consequences if data pact talks fail
Techies of Voat, how can new processors be incompatible with an OS?
Wasserman Schultz doublespeak: Debates scheduled to 'maximize' candidates exposure.
Chivalry lives on
Jada Pinkett Smith hints at boycotting Academy Awards for lack of diversity after host Chris Rock calls the Oscars the 'white BET Awards'
Reddit mods in action
Toronto Zoo Female Polar Bear Cub at 2 Months Old
22x22 rubik's cube World Record
Just started a new Subverse Adult ADHD please come and join me.
The Hymn of God's Word "No Matter How God Works, It Is for Saving People"
Werewolves Of London Warren Zevon
The Popular Android-based Remix OS Violate GPL and Apache License
Georgia Satellites - Keep Your Hands To Yourself
Three Americans kidnapped by armed militia group in Baghdad
Sweet nightmares: a guide to cutting down on sugar
Lost cat rolling around in catnip toys in pet store!
Steve Miller Band - Fly Like An Eagle (1976), a psychedelic rock-funk hybrid of longing for release and freedom
Surveys show the majority of consumers are concerned about the effects of genetically modified crops. "There is zero proof of any adverse affects", said a potato 


God Speed is a painting by British artist Edmund Leighton. The painting was exhibited in the Royal Academy of Arts in 1900.
If you are interested in Snooker please subscribe to /v/Snooker
What Voat communities are larger or more active than their Reddit counterparts?
David Bowie's Blackstar Is His First No. 1 Album in the U.S.
BMW Crash Compilation January 2016
I've heard that Americans think a mile is a long way to walk. Is that true?
Why does all of Voat get drunk Sunday night?
Girl Throws a Dog Shit to Rich Girl
So it's sounding  like Colverfield 10 is just a close remake of "The Divide'?
Todd McFarlane's awesome video for Pearl Jam - "Do The Evolution" (1996)
Women instinctively guard their sexual partners from other women who are ovulating
What does 'CIS' in cis male privilege mean?
Cock.li server seized again by German prosecutor, service moves to Romania.
The best difference in Voat atmosphere
When life throws shit at you, you throw it back twice as hard.
How the Russians deal with terrorist.
DeRay of "Black Lives Matter" thinks he can just delete threats he made on Twitter. Make sure everyone sees this...
Opening sequence to Aeon Flux - MTV variety.
Streamer gets told he sucks so bad at games that he can't beat level 1 of Minesweeper. He opens Minesweeper and fails almost instantly.
Lawsuit Aims to Remove In God We Trust From US Currency, Saying Its Unconstitutional
How the Rothschilds rule USA
Storming Spain's Razor-Wire Fence: Europe Or Die (Episode 1/4)
I could never game because of my toddler son so I finally bought a play pen.
Hello. I guess.
'The Americans' Could End After Fifth or Sixth Season, Says EP
David Bowie - Rubber Band - 1969
Cuteness overload!
Online Iowa Straw Poll results released: Trump (34%), Paul (18%), Rubio (9%), Cruz (8%), Carson (8%), Christie (4%), Bush (3%)
Danny Elfman - Attack of the Batwing (Batman '89)
FX president says Louie could return whenever it wants to, or not at all
WD-40 Is Cool Stuff
So, has anyone been to this Bohemian Rap City I'm always hearing about? Is it worth the trip?
90% Blind plays Rainbow Six Siege - Friendly Casual with Randoms
Dark Side of the Moon Transiting the Earth - From NASA 's Deep Space Climate Observatory
O'malley's grin during the debate
I finally saw someone open carrying a gun today, at Cracker Barrel, the literally whitest place on earth, with probably the least chance of something "going down".
Epic 10 Year Coma Prank
A bunch of people crashing into the same corner in an amateur rally
Bernie Sanders proposed tax brackets released - Your taxes will stay the same if you make less than $250,000/year
 Two-for-One Bacterial Virulence Factor Revealed Antivirulence antibiotics could dodge resistance longer than traditional antibiotics
Tennis: secret files exposing evidence of widespread suspected match fixing at the top level of world tennis, including at Wimbledon
I need some good news. What is something good that has happened to you so I can congratulate you for it.
is the reason everything is so bad in the world really because so many people are stupid?
 Increased CO2 Enhances Plankton Growth 
Dad jokes can be positively shocking
Joe Walsh - Life's been good to me so far
26 Billion Bucks: The Jewish Charity Industry Uncovered
Cutest little kitty goes catatonic.
Recommend a free program or game that Voaters would find useful or fun.
Does anybody else get constant itches all over their body as they lay down to try and sleep?
Czech President: 'It's Impossible to Integrate Muslims into Western Europe' - Breitbart
Being eaten!
David Sirota on Twitter: ".@HillaryClinton is so serious abt regulating Wall St, shes holding a Wall St fundraiser 4 days before Iowa caucus 
Nailed it.
19 Year Old Migrant Set Free After Sexually Assaulting Four Girls at Pool
I have pepperoni sticks
I haven't seen a single "risky click" on voat. Makes me smile.
Is it just me or are comedians merely smart assholes justifying asshole behaviour to stupid assholes? 
Anyone know how to fix a stove? 
YouTube Blocks "Blasphemous" Content in Pakistan
Sarkeesian Supporting SJWs Sabotage Jordan Owen's Sierra Online Documentary
jerry reed & chet atkins- jerry's breakdown
Despite the DNCs best efforts, people still want to know about Bernie
Man's Best Friend
VA lists all ships exposed to agent orange during the Vietnam War. 
Top Google Search: 'Will Hillary Clinton Get Prosecuted?'
some witty title
Amazing magic
Teenage Girl Rushed To Hospital After Rape Attack By Afghan Migrant In Public Park
Kitty tricks her sister at playing tag
4 Points to Consider When Becoming a Full Stack Web Developer or Web Designer
The citizens of nations which rate themselves happiest display a specific genetic feature: their DNA is more likely to contain a specific allele involved in sensory pleasure and pain reduction
For The reddit Admins
'Deadpool' Denied Release in China Due to Graphic Violence
Guards stoned by muslims at refugee center in Hungary
Moetan Corner a post-episode segment for an anime based on a series of books to teach you English!  It has a lot of NSFW in it.
Hunting Snakes In The Everglades To Protect Native Species
:P        
[Discussion] Are there any games you wish were less influential?
 - Korean Poo Wine
The Quickest Way To Cook A Steak 
Squirrel vs snake
Belgium Minister of Health
Comets don't explain the strange 'alien megastructure' star
How mold on Space Station flowers is helping get us to Mars
James Taylor - Shed A Little Light (live)
No Budget: Star Wars: The Force Awakens Review
The Forgotten World of BBS Door Games
My daughter wanted an apple
Molly Quinn invites you to visit /v/celebs - Share And Enjoy!
Flower girl before the wedding. Flower girl at the end of the reception. It was a long day for her.
The Bangles - Manic Monday
Taylor Swift - Blank Space
Supertramp - "School" (1975)
World's most massive canyon may be hidden beneath Antarctic ice
Teenagers may not be causing language change the way we typically think
Perfect Fit
Personal sets/collections/groups of subs
Iceberg, Star
Skyforge PSA First top up is kind of nice (For new players PSA) 
what is your earliest childhood memory?
Poligamy in Judaism
Man attempts CANDLE FARTING World Record .... for a record that doesnt exist...
Stupid Motorcyclist
Beautiful nordic music
What is something you didn't like for a long time, and now you really enjoy it? Why and/or when did you change your mind?
Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak Multiplayer Sneak Peek
I abandoned voat because of how long it took to downvote, now im back because the oc is better
The Most Powerful Fire Truck in The World - Big Wind
Groundbreaking Robotic Prosthetic Attaches to Implant in Patients Bone
Media Bias: Today's media do not represent the people
Top Chinese university hacked by ISIS infiltrator
Erdogan sues Turkeys main opposition leader over dictator remark
Programming for a Year and Need Direction
Must.Have.Baby.
The CDC made an animated map depicting the explosion in obesity prevalence in the US from 1985 to 2010.
Good enough
Debt Dodgers: Meet the Americans Who Moved to Europe and Went AWOL on Their Student Loans | VICE | United States
The 7 deadly sins as they exist in the USA
Wandows is naw werking nergmandly
Animal Lover
Straight from the fairytale...I mean Norway.
Palestinians: What do you think of atheists?
Today I Learned the eco city of Gaviotas designed, among other things,  a open source solar thermal water distiller to purify water without electricity or chemicals
Die Hard 6: Director teases plot; film will feature a younger John McClane
Are you a trigger hazard?
How Clinton and Sanders are trying to define their party  as Iowa looms
What's something good you want to happen this year?
Engineer Designs Cabin That Can Detach Itself From An Aircraft In An Emergency
Adblock Plus just got un-invited from the internet advertising industry's big conference
11 weeks Left until the next Game of Thrones Season
Bernie Sanders won the Democratic debate, say pundits and social media
FBI's "Suicide Letter" to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and the Dangers of Unchecked Surveillance
World tennis hit by match-fixing reports, authorities back integrity unit
What has happened to my life?
Is it better to request an inactive sub, or just create a new sub from scratch?
Gated community in Henderson, Nevada
Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace
The Rascals - People Got To Be Free
With more countries teaching the refugees about how to treat women, does that mean if the rapes continue to happen that the refugees will actually get punished now?
David Bowie - "Moonage Daydream"
Tame Impala - Let It Happen
'Inflatable Dark Matter' Could Explain Why We See Less Than Many Theories Predict
Spotlight is a really amazing movie that actually matters
Wow! Never Seen Those Before
What happens when you marry a ginger.
New "Stop a Douchebag" Video - Police Dysfunction
GT Drag Car Goes 0-60 In Under a Second 
eEconomics - Gas Taxes
Mott The Hoople drummer Dale "Buffin" Griffin dies aged 67 - BBC News
Bjork - "Human Behavior" [music video]
Has Hillary Clinton been questioned by the FBI? 
The SS reddit is sinking.
Stop a Douchebag - Police Dysfunction
Only in Florida
What Pundits and HRC Boosters Dont Get: People Are Really Sick of The Status Quo
Totalbiscuit is playing Secret Hitler!
Somebody asked "how come Persia seemed such a nice country in the 50s, with women in sun dresses, and libraries; what happened?"
Well this is obsolete in practice.
Birthday Bio: Muhammad Ali, 'The Greatest,' turns 74
Windows 7 and 8 Will Not Be Supported On New Hardware
Please enjoy this politically correct cartoon
Single player games with an abundance of content that are not overly repetitive
Sonic the Hedgehog | Character History
/v/EpicMusic - The subverse dedicated to the sharing of film scores, trailer music, soundtracks, and of course epic music!
Martin Luther King is not happy.
I visit this site everyday, simply amazing.
Why is "Far Right" so taboo but "Far Left" isn't? 
FNCs Tantaros: If Anyone Sees 13 Hours and Goes on to Vote for Hillary Theyre a Criminal
Should I host jQuery Library, fonts, etc or should I just link them from external websites like Google Fonts, etc?
what personality type of the opposite sex cant you stand?
The Problem.
Militia head warns feds: Don't 'Waco' the Oregon occupiers unless you want a 'bloody, brutal civil war'
Tardigrades, Frozen for 30 Years, Spring Back to Life
Do you write down your thoughts?
RNC Officially Cancels NBC As Debate Partner, Names CNN As Host of Texas Debate
How I Learned to Mind My Own Business 
Sneaky Beaky Like. Sneak Planting B and Clutching the Round (Counter Strike: Global Offensive)
NYPD ordered to purge all documents on terrorists because it may offend Muslim community - HYPELINE
Broncos star's mother sees him play for the first time after she was freed from prison thanks to pardon from President Obama
I Believe in Karma 
Mission Accomplished? The U.S. Spent Half A Billion On Mining In Afghanistan With "Limited Progress"
Diversity, you're doing it wrong: Black blogger says even she's sick of token black remakes
Queen - Another One bites the dust 
I noticed that you are also a voater
Meat glue 
F22 Raptor Over Edwards Air Force Base
Look at his little spots 
Repost ...
Childhood Compared To Adulthood 
Nothing new to see here, folks: List of a whopping 105 movie remakes and reboots currently "in the works"
MFW I see this gif 
Mindless Self Indulgence - You'll Rebel To Anything (As long as it's not Challenging)
What is your favorite game skipping glitch?
Real Animal or Fake Animal?
Judas Priest - NightCrawler
Lyme diseasecarrying ticks are now in half of all U.S. counties
Human sounds convey emotions better than words do
Not tonight honey... I'm just dog tired
 [NSFW] Porn watchers, what do you look for in porno, and what do you pay the most attention to during it?
How do you end the culture of fear?
HTC may break off Vive into its own brand
Take back migrants or lose aid cash, Berlin tells North Africa 
It Can't Happen Here: What does Sinclair Lewis's novel suggest about the current presidential campaign in the United States?


Brutal Religious Ceremonies
Just another redditor
Hungry humpback whales
Do you like to cook? What's your favorite food to cook for yourself?
David Bowie - Slow Burn (one of the most overlooked Bowie tracks
Trump: I was joking when I said the Chinese 'created' the concept of climate change
Keep Voxelquest on your radar and make a bookmark. This looks amazing!
Stream event thing
It Can't Happen Here: What does Sinclair Lewis's novel suggest about the current presidential campaign in the United States?


40 Watt Laser Gun
Heterochromiac afghan girl with her heterochromiac afghan cat
How do you know when a girl likes you?
Pakistani boy becomes local hero for chopping off his own hand in devotion to Islam
Bernie Sanders Admits He's Open to a Middle Class Tax Hike
10 Ad Blocking Extensions Tested for Best Performance
Antibacterial nanocomposites designed for food packaging
Darude - Sandstorm on Eight Floppy Drives
/v/saladtoss - Do you like my new subverse? 
At German government's behest, Facebook implements Orwellian-named "Initiative for Civil Courage Online" to purge Europe of "xenophobic" content
Apartments of the Future as imagined in the 1920s
Oh holy shit. . . . Zelda: Ocarina of Time a la Zelda Link to the Past 
Vicious Rottweiler attack
It Can't Happen Here: What does Sinclair Lewis's novel suggest about the current presidential campaign in the United States?


You Wont Be Able To Tell Where Your Meat Comes From Now, Thanks To Congress
Ridley Scott Claims Alien: Covenant Will Receive a Hard R Rating - Dread Central
How to Use Steam to Keep Your Graphics Drivers Up to Date
Don't lose your head
Primus - My Name Is Mud
High cocaine doses 'can cause brain to eat itself' 
How come it is ok to attack other countries for their oil and opium?
It Can't Happen Here: What does Sinclair Lewis's novel suggest about the current presidential campaign in the United States?


Reminder: Don't put balls of tea leaves in your vagina
Deathclaws 
It was sure to come out: Sanders criminal record revealed
It Can't Happen Here: What does Sinclair Lewis's novel suggest about the current presidential campaign in the United States?


Dog with optical implements
It Can't Happen Here: What does Sinclair Lewis's novel suggest about the current presidential campaign in the United States?


Biofuels will power Navys next deployment
Blue Oyster Cult ~ Burnin' For You
How mold on space station flowers is helping get us to Mars
It Can't Happen Here: What does Sinclair Lewis's novel suggest about the current presidential campaign in the United States?


Hey Voat, What car do you drive?
4chan.    
Uncut footage of Bernie Sanders being cucked by BLM movement.
Just some tech guys failing at GTA V and life in general
It Can't Happen Here: What does Sinclair Lewis's novel suggest about the current presidential campaign in the United States?


Papers that describe harmful effects to animals fed GM crops are under scrutiny for alleged data manipulation.
Did you just?
Top 10 Netflix Original Series You Need to Binge Watch 
Epically awesome pictures of Saturn
Normalization of deviance in software: how completely broken practices become normal
Van Morrison - Tupelo Honey
How Thalidomide Went from Medical Disaster to Miraculous Cancer Treatment
Nancy Sinatra - "Bang Bang" (1966)
European Court Of Human Rights May Have Just Outlawed Mass Surveillance Without Most People Realizing It | Techdirt
A brick in a washing machine on a trampoline
It Can't Happen Here: What does Sinclair Lewis's novel suggest about the current presidential campaign in the United States?


Have you made real life friends from voat or reddit?
This place needs more Stanhope
This definitely warrants a crosspost from reddit
Biocompatible brain implants that can monitor brain injury before completely dissolving
"Dream Scaffolding" Woven Mandala 
Creedence Clearwater Revival - Fortunate Son
Darkest Dungeon gets out of early access in January the 19th. Here is a release trailer.
Sixty-Two People Now Have a Greater Net Worth Than Half the World's Population
It Can't Happen Here: What does Sinclair Lewis's novel suggest about the current presidential campaign in the United States?


Hello. Another Redditor moves to Voat!
Alice in Chains: Rain When I Die
Verizon, one of net neutrality's biggest foes, says it's ready to test sponsored data
Cornershop - Brimful of Asha 
If You're Cold They're Cold....Bring Them Inside!
When the Breakdown Hits
A few Dremels and a thousand hours of labor later...
Do you act differently in front of different groups of people?
It Can't Happen Here: What does Sinclair Lewis's novel suggest about the current presidential campaign in the United States?


Manly-Man Skills: Don't Use Ethanol Blended Gasoline.
Colleges to makes proving innocence a punishable offense. Man gets raped and expelled
Don't blame the students. They're a product of a Britain that's losing its love of free speech 
